flakes: search up to git or filesystem boundary (#5720)
NixOS/nix: doc/manual/src/release-notes/rl-next.md

# Release X.Y (202?-??-??)

> 
> * Binary cache stores now have a setting `compression-level`.
> 
> * `nix develop` now has a flag `--unpack` to run `unpackPhase`.
> 
> * Lists can now be compared lexicographically using the `<` operator.
> 
> * New built-in function: `builtins.groupBy`, with the same functionality as
>   Nixpkgs' `lib.groupBy`, but faster.
> 
> * Nix now searches for a flake.nix up until git or filesystem boundary.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Nix cli now searches for a flake.nix up until the root of the current git repository or a filesystem boundary rather than just in the current directory
```
